The other part that we might want to have
is right now superawesome.clickworks.
But if they go to www.superawesome click,
it will not work, right?.
And so we probably should handle for that
I you can argue who goes to www.anymore.
I'm not having that argument with you.
I'm just going to fix the issue, because
I'm not I agree with you, but like,
I'm just trying my best
not to break the web here.
So let's go ahead and set that up.
So the way we're going to do this is
Amazon supports the ability to have
you do create a bucket that just
redirects to another bucket.
So basically, if we've got
a mapping of a given static website
hosting at this URL for
this bucket we theoretically could have
a domain www dot that's why we got
the SSL cert for that as well before.
That goes to the routes to the bucket and
route 53.
That then just serves the same
assets as our main bucket.
We don't have to deploy out
to two different buckets,
maybe have two different versions of the
same assets or anything along those lines.
In one bucket, the second bucket
that points to that bucket, and
then the two domain
names a bear subdomain.
Just super awesome.clique and
www.superawesome.click all end
up at the same set of files.
So let's, let's make that happen.
So we're gonna go back into s3 buckets.
We will the larger set of buckets here,
and
we're going to create another bucket Good.
This one is gonna be called
www.superawesome.click.
We'll keep it in the same region.
Okay, awesome.
We'll just leave everything,
the default for now.
>> Do we need to do allow public access?
>> Not necessarily for this one I
don't think we'll find out together.
I think when I haven't
redirect will be fine but
if we find out that it's not that, will be
the thing when you tell me about it and
I go it's fine and I'm like yeah.
So we've got that in
place let's go down to
properties We'll go to
the static website hosting.
Redirect request to an object and so
at this point, we will go in here and
we'll redirect it back to our main bucket.
I guess you could technically
send it to a hostname as well,
but we'll do it was a kind
of one in the same for us.
Awesome.
So, now we've got www.
And we've also got the ability
to set that second bucket up.
Now, if we just go to this raw bucket,
let's find out the answer to your question
while we're in here In here,
scroll to the bottom of properties.
Let's click this link.
Okay, it does just right on redirect
them right to a regular bucket.
So we did not need to turn on public
access, like I thought, however, it's
not wired up to do WWW dot because that's
not something we set up in DNS, right.
So we need to do now is basically I'll
kind of leave this as an exercise for
you can do together as well.
To kind of just go in the same process for
setting up the regular route, we just
need to set up for the www as well.
So we go back in To route 53
Go to our domains
Manage DNS, we hit Edit.
Pop quiz see if we listened before, and
it doesn't do anything we
need to view details and
we will create a record, this will be www.
Yeah, now clearly you can
have different ones for
your blog everything like that it
will alias it to an S3 website
endpoint in US East one or
wherever to www.superawesome.
To not click it's the only one that
shows up because the other one is
taken by the other alias it's not
that smart that I read our minds.
Sweet so now we have that set up as
well we saw that too Super awesome click
worked, and so now that might take
a second if you immediately go to it
probably doesn't work.
Let's find out not necessarily
because it didn't work.
It does that was fast.
It's already in place and awesome.
So now we are both superawesome.click and
www.super.awesome.com and
clearly any other thing that you wanted to
do, you could set up and make it happen